Document the impact SdkAnalysisLevel has (#47456)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

For more information, see [SDK Analysis Level Property and Usage](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/proposed/sdk-analysis-level.md).

> The following table summarizes summarizes which diagnostics SDKAnalysisLevel affects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table summarizes the diagnostics affected by `SDKAnalysisLevel`.
```

> By setting the value in SDKAnalysisLevel column, you are getting the Current column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> | SDKAnalysisLevel | What | Previous | Current |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SDKAnalysisLevel | Diagnostic | Previous behavior | Updated behavior |
```

Do these heading suggestions make sense?

|------------------------|-----------|--------|-------|

> | 9.0.100 | Restore HTTP sources diagnostic | [NU1803](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1803) warning | [NU1302](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1302) error. |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 9.0.100 | Restore HTTP sources | [NU1803](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1803) warning | [NU1302](/nuget/reference/errors-and-warnings/nu1302) error |  
```

> | 10.0.100 | Restore Package Pruning, [PrunePackageReference](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#prunepackagereference), enabled by default | N/A | Enabled for projects targeting .NET 8+ & .NET Standard 2.0+ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 10.0.100 | Restore package pruning, [PrunePackageReference](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#prunepackagereference), enabled by default | N/A | Enabled for projects that target .NET 8+ or .NET Standard 2.0+ |
```
